static/content/faq/how-to-obtain-voi-tokens.md, before:

---
question: How can I obtain **VOI** tokens?
category: General
sort: 2
---
VOI tokens can be obtained via one of the following methods:

#### Option 1: Purchase VOI tokens on a centralized exchange. VOI is currently available on
- [Mexc](https://www.mexc.com/exchange/VOI_USDT)
- [Coinstore](https://www.coinstore.com/spot/VOIUSDT) 

#### Option 2: Purchase VOI from a decentralized exchange and bridge to Voi Network using the [Aramid Bridge](https://biatec.notion.site/Aramid-Bridge-User-Guide-10cb2ccb197f809cb3c3de8c93cd67f8). VOI is currently available on the following networks:
 - Algorand ([Pact](https://app.pact.fi/swap?pair=USDC:31566704/ARAMID+VOI:2320775407), [Tinyman](https://app.tinyman.org/swap?asset_in=31566704&asset_out=2320775407))
 - Base
 - Arbitrum 

#### Option 3: Bridge USDC to Voi Network from Algorand, Base, or Arbitrum using the [Aramid Bridge](https://biatec.notion.site/Aramid-Bridge-User-Guide-10cb2ccb197f809cb3c3de8c93cd67f8). Then swap aUSDC (which you'll receive in your Voi Account after bridging) to VOI on [HumbleSwap](https://voi.humble.sh/#/swap?poolId=395553).

Commit message:

update bridge details, add user guide

static/content/faq/how-to-obtain-voi-tokens.md, after:

---
question: How can I obtain **VOI** tokens?
category: General
sort: 2
---
VOI tokens can be obtained via one of the following methods:

#### Option 1: Purchase VOI tokens on a centralized exchange. VOI is currently available on
- [Mexc](https://www.mexc.com/exchange/VOI_USDT)
- [Coinstore](https://www.coinstore.com/spot/VOIUSDT) 

#### Option 2: Purchase VOI from a decentralized exchange and bridge to Voi Network using the [Aramid Bridge](https://biatec.notion.site/Aramid-Bridge-User-Guide-10cb2ccb197f809cb3c3de8c93cd67f8). VOI is currently available on the following networks:
 - Algorand ([Pact](https://app.pact.fi/swap?pair=USDC:31566704/ARAMID+VOI:2320775407), [Tinyman](https://app.tinyman.org/swap?asset_in=31566704&asset_out=2320775407))
 - Base
 - Arbitrum 

#### Option 3: Bridge USDC to Voi Network from Algorand, Base, or Arbitrum using the [Aramid Bridge](https://biatec.notion.site/Aramid-Bridge-User-Guide-10cb2ccb197f809cb3c3de8c93cd67f8). Then swap aUSDC (which you'll receive in your Voi Account after bridging) to VOI on [HumbleSwap](https://voi.humble.sh/#/swap?poolId=395553). For more information on bridging, please view the [Aramid Bridge User Guide](https://biatec.notion.site/Aramid-Bridge-User-Guide-10cb2ccb197f809cb3c3de8c93cd67f8).
